[{
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix — release date, cast, plot, trailer, first looks and all about the Addams Family spin-off",
		"description": "Wednesday on Netflix is on its way for autumn! She’s creepy and she’s kooky, mysterious and spooky and now Wednesday Addams is back for her own show. Wednesday is directed by Tim Burton and starring YOU actress Jenna Ortega in the title role, while Catherine Zeta-Jones and Luis Guzmán play Wednesday's famous parents, Gomez and Morticia Addams. Other famous actors include Gwendoline Christie and even the film version's star Christina Ricci (see below for their brand new characters to the franchise). The eight-part comedy-drama series will show the iconic character from The Addams Family in a whole new light. ",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/SrtYHMNaCxgxcGZEw2KwuB-1200-80.jpg"
	},{
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix release date",
		"description": "Yes Netflix has released full-length trailers for Wednesday. The first shows Wednesday starting off at the Nancy Reagan High School (complete with the late former First Lady's statue) where she's called a freak by the water polo team, but she soon unleashes a piranha attack in the pool! She gets expelled and her parents Morticia and Gomez take her off to the Nevermore Academy. Do take a look at all trailers below...",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/y8ZeEGWYbVeGnc8y8E8Rg5-1200-80.jpg"
	}, {
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix plot",
		"description": "Wednesday on Netflix delves into the titular figure’s days as a student at the Nevermore Academy in the small town of Jericho where she has both friends and enemies! She has to navigate new, and very tangled, relationships, master her emerging psychic ability and thwart a monstrous killing spree that’s terrorized the local school. And if that weren’t enough to contend with, Wednesday must also solve the supernatural mystery that embroiled her parents 25 years ago.",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/nUvzMB4qcoe3g73dNSLbW3-1200-80.jpg"
	}, {
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix cast — Jenna Ortega on playing  Wednesday Addams",
		"description": "Jenna Ortega is excited to take the lead role of iconic teen Wednesday Addams. She says: Wednesday is currently a teenager, and we've never seen her as a teenager before. Her snarky, snide remarks might not necessarily sound as charming when they're coming from somebody who should probably know better than a 10-year-old girl. That was a balancing act. We didn’t want to make her sound like every other teenage girl, but we also didn’t want to make her too ignorant. And we've never seen her on screen this much. Any other time you've seen Wednesday, she's been the one-liner, the end of a joke, she always hits it, and I think that's what people really love about her. But in this show, every scene is Wednesday. There's an opportunity to give her a bit more dimension, and she becomes a bit more of a real person, which I don't think we've ever seen before.Jenna is best known for her role as Ellie Alves in the second series of Netflix psychological thriller YOU. Ellie was a tech-savvy teen in the series, which starred Penn Badgley as an obsessive serial killer and bookstore clerk Joe Goldberg.Jenna had played a young Jane in the cult show Jane The Virgin and took a leading role in the 2015 series Richie Rich, starring as Richie’s gold-digging best friend Darcy. She went on to play Harley Diaz in Stuck In The Middle and was in the horror movie The Babysitter: Killer Queen as well as Yes Day. She’s also voiced Brooklyn in the animation Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous and won critical acclaim for her performance in high school drama The Fallout. Take a first look at Jenna as. Wednesday with the rest of her Addams Family, including Catherine Zeta-Jones, Luis Guzmán, in the recently released Netflix black and white picture below...",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/QjLDfPNKcgJV3VaE5Bfs7k-1200-80.jpg"
	}, {
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix cast — Luis Guzmán and Catherine Zeta-Jones",
		"description": "Luis Guzmán is playing Wednesday's father Gomez Addams. Luis is best known for his appearances in the movies Traffic, Code Black, Boogie Nights, Magnolia and How to Make It in America.  

Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Wednesday's mother Morticia Addams. Catherine is married to Hollywood star Michael Douglas and became famous for the British series The Darling Buds of May before going on to make a name in Hollywood for movies such as The Mask of Zorro, Entrapment and Chicago, for which she won an Academy Award in 2002.

We're also hoping super-shaggy Cousin Itt might make an appearance. We'll of course update with more casting news as we get it.

Meanwhile, take a look at Luis and Catherine as Morticia and Gomez below...",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/RjoCVGnQjwmRUDKYtELab6-1200-80.jpg"
	},{
		"name": "Wednesday on Netflix cast — who else is starring",
		"description": "Other Wednesday stars include Gwendoline Christie (Brienne of Tarth in Game Of Thrones) playing Larissa Weems, principal of the supernatural school Nevermore Academy, who holds a long-time grudge against her former classmate Morticia Addams (Catherine Zeta-Jones, see above).",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/qiHSTmtGDoGBzbpvUZSS3Q-1200-80.jpg"
	}, {
		"name": "Where Wednesday on Netflix is set",
		"description": "Netflix has announced that in Wednesday the Nevermore Academy — a very unique boarding school — will be set in deepest New England.",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/2eP6kaiwxFBha9xhxh5q24-1200-80.jpg"
	}, {
		"name": "More about The Addams Family show and other TV adaptations",
		"description": "Starting life as a cartoon strip, drawn by illustrator Charles Addams, the family was first brought to life on screen in a regular sitcom The Addams Family that ran from 1964 until 1966. This starred Lisa Loring as Wednesday alongside Carolyn Jones, John Astin and Jackie Coogan. Following on from the 1960s show, two animated series featuring the quirky family aired in 1973 and 1992. The live-action series The New Addams Family ran from 1998 to 2001, starring Glenn Taranto and Ellie Harvie. 2019 saw another animation The Addams Family, with Charlize Theron and Snoop Dogg lending their voices. There was also a Broadway and West End musical of the show in 2010.",
		"img": "https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/LveFgTfEkjukqJArdE8ykJ-1200-80.jpg"
	}
]
